style-guide.md: refresh page (#9709)
tldr-pages/tldr: contributing-guides/style-guide.md

  and use the `{{/dev/sdXY}}` placeholder for *block devices* instead of `/dev/sda1`.
- If a command can take a variable number of arguments, use an ellipsis: `{{arg1 arg2 ...}}`.
  If one of the multiple options is possible, write it as `{{either|or}}`.

>   If there are more than 5 alternatives use `|...` after the 5-th alternative.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If there are many alternatives, use `|...` for ellipsis.
```

Reviewer 2: How about adding an article `the` before ellipsis. E.g 
> If there are many alternatives, use `|...` for the ellipsis

Reviewer: Updated

Author: I've changed it to:

> If there are more than 5 alternatives, use `|...` for the ellipsis.
